I'm a huge fan of the podcast and I'd like your advice.
When I was younger,
I joined the National Guard in an attempt to do something with my life and get
out of depression.
I lost my discipline and goals after basic training and continued in depression
and disorganization.
I had the opportunity to go to fight to flight school,
but instead tested positive on a drug test and I was given a general discharge.
I of course,
take full responsibility and feel like an idiot.
How would you recommend moving past this failure?
What would you have done if your seal career ended with a mistake?
Well,
if my seal career had ended with a mistake,
I would have figured out what my next mission was going to be.
That's that's what I wanted done.
I mean,
I would have said,
okay,
I liked that job.
I failed at it.
What can I learn from that and what can I do next differently to make sure I
don't make that mistake again?
I'm going to learn from the past,
but I'm not going to dwell on it.
There's no point in dwelling on it.
The only point in dwelling on it just to learn from it.
So,
so that's what I would do here.
And then I would take what I learned from my experiences of where I failed and I
would also take the positive things that I learned because you even that even
that failure is a positive.
Even that failure as a positive because you realize you realize the value of the
opportunity that you had and you blew it and you're like,
okay,
I'm never gonna let that happen again.
A lesson learned,
I'm actually stoked I get to learn that lesson because there's going to be more
opportunities that come up in life and you've got to make sure that you don't
disregard those opportunities when they come up.
And so I would have taken those lessons learned,
take that,
take that failure and turn it into something positive and made good things
happen when I figured out what my new mission,
a new career was going to be pretty straight forward.
Yeah,
you can,
you can do so much good and yellow.
That's going back to this story that I told about Jeff in the beginning of this
podcast.
One of the wording,
some of the wording that I struggled with in the kids' story,
and again,
it's on the,
it's the word could podcast.
One of the things that I struggled with in telling the story was I ended up
saying Jeff had gone too far and he couldn't correct himself.
Yeah,
he had gone too far and he couldn't come back and that's a real hard thing to
tell a person and it's a real hard thing to tell a kid and they're the reason
why I left it that way.
The reason why I kept it like,
listen,
you can make mistakes that you can't come back from,
especially as a kid.
You can make mistakes that you can't come back from there.
Pretty rare,
right?
There's not too mistakes that are so grievous that you can't recover from them.
Like this guy,
hey man,
he made a mistake,
failed the drug test given a general discharge.
That sucks.
Guess what?
He can do all kinds of good in the world.
He can make up for that 10 fold.
He can start a business,
make money,
he can create a family,
he can raise great kids and there's so many things that he can make sure his
kids understand that and know that and learn from it.
And he can make sure some other neighborhood kids in high school,
kids in grade school kids,
he can make such an impact on the world by learning from that mistake.
So it's very,
it's a harsh thing to say like,
hey,
there's some things you can't now what this guy can't recover from and this is
what the,
this is the fact that you have to face,
and this is why I told them this way and the kid story,
he didn't understand when he made that mistake,
he didn't understand that there are some mistakes you cannot recover from.
He can't be a pilot now.
It's not going to happen.
Zero chance of him being a military pilot.
That's the way it works.
So if I would've had the opportunity to tell him when he was 13 years old,
hey listen bro,
I get it.
You're going to step outside the box sometimes,
but there's some mistakes that you can make that you'll never be able to recover
from.
So think about what you're doing before you do them.
You need to think about what you're doing before you do them.
And if I were to have the opportunity to tell him that when he was 13 years old,
he might've had a better decision making process when he got older.
That's why I left it that way for those kids so that they recognize that there
are some things that you do as a,
as a person,
as a kid,
that you cannot recover from,
you cannot recover from them.
Now that being said,
when you take this and you put it in perspective as an adult,
Cnas,
an adult,
you have much broader world to be a part of.
And just because he's not going to be a pilot,
a military pilot,
by the way,
just because he's not going to be a military pilot.
There's all kinds of other opportunities out there and you can explain that to
an adult,
but it's hard to explain that to a kid.
So what other opportunities,
I mean even if especially like,
oh,
you want to be a pilot,
cool,
you can become a civilian pilot and you can,
you know,
you can fly and you can make things happen that way.
But what we're not going to do and what I would not do is dwell on the past and
dwell on what the mid,
the big missed opportunity is.
Because guess what?
That's an,
that's a missed opportunity that there's all kinds of people in the world would
love for that to be their biggest mistake that they've made.
That's it.
They would love,
there's someone sitting in prison right now that's like,
man,
I wish all I did was get a fail a drug test and I could have learned my lesson.
Instead I'm sitting here in prison or I got injured really bad cause I did
something that I shouldn't have done or I made a bad decision or I got someone
that I care about hurt or injured because I took them in the car when I was
drunk.
Like those are the kind of mistake,
this mistake.
Sure.
It's a bummer.
Guess what?
There are infinitely,
infinitely worse mistakes that he could have made infinitely worse.
So
you're all right,
man,
you're okay.
Learn from it.
Don't dwell on it.
Move on and go.
Go do something really positive in the world.